Written Questions

Q1. Run the web crawler using the configurations located at src/main/config/written_question_1a.json and
    src/main/config/written_question_1b.json. The only difference between these configurations is that one always uses
    the sequential crawler and the other always uses the parallel crawler. Inspect the profile output in
    profileData.txt.

    If you are using a multi-processor computer, you should notice that SequentialWebCrawler#crawl and
    ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took about the same amount of time, but PageParserImpl#parse took much longer when run with
    the ParallelWebCrawler.

    Why did the parser take more time when run with ParallelWebCrawler?
    
    \\ANSWER\\
    The number of urls accessed by the parallel web crawler was # and the number of urls accessed by the sequential web crawler
    was #.  The parallel web crawler brought in many more urls to parse. The crawling will stop at the timeout, but the parsing
    will continue until finished.


Q2. Your manager ran your crawler on her old personal computer, using the configurations from Q1, and she notices that
    the sequential crawler actually outperforms the parallel crawler. She would like to know why.

    (a) Suggest one reason why the sequential web crawler was able to read more web pages than the parallel crawler.
        (Hint: Try setting "parallelism" to 1 in the JSON configs to simulate your manager's computer.)
        
        //ANSWER
        The parallel web crawler must divide up the work, complete the processing, and rejoin the threads, whereas the sequential
        will run everything through one thread. If the older computer is a single-core processor there may be many threads started
        at once (concurrency), but each additional thread requires the one before it to complete its task. Once all tasks are
        completed then the threads are join. With a single threaded, sequential crawler the concurrency time is not lost.

    (b) Suggest one scenario in which the parallel web crawler will almost certainly perform better than the sequential
        crawler. Why will it perform better?
        
        //ANSWER
        Multi-core processing capability. With multi-core processing there can be multiple threads started and processing
        at once.


Q3. Analyze your method profiler through the lens of Aspect Oriented Programming, by answering the following questions:

    (a) What cross-cutting concern is being addressed by the com.udacity.webcrawler.profiler.Profiler class?
    
    //ANSWER
    Performance
    
    (b) What are the join points of the Profiler in the web crawler program?
    
    //ANSWER
    @Profiled annotation

Q4. Identify three (3) different design patterns used in this project, and explain which interfaces, classes, and/or
    libraries use or implement those design patterns.
    
    Factory - PageParserFactory
    Proxy -  ProfilerImpl
    Builder - CrawlResult
    

    For each pattern, name one thing about the pattern that you LIKED, and one thing you DISLIKED. If you did not like
    anything, you can name two things you disliked.
    
    Factory - LIKE: decoupling object creation, endless customization
              DISLIKE: need a whiteboard to trace the path
    Proxy   - LIKE: security, verification before initialization
              DISLIKE: difficult to implement
    Builder - LIKE: flexibility for building immutable objects, more control than abstract factory
              DISLIKE: requires much code

